The most complex part of customizing the Spring Security object
when dealing with LDAP is the context mapper.
The context mapper is required to take the user that has been
authenticated and build the object that gets returned.
We're going to import the data source we have defined for our database, pull the
username of the authenticated user out of that LDAP search,
then use the context to see what that username is inside the
variable ctx, and, finally, query the database to return the
results we want, in this case, the extra fields we're storing,
such as the nickname.
Before we can do that, though,
let's alter our database that we used before to include that column for nickname, and then we can build our context mapper.